Issue #14061 - Fix Alt-Svc header to use HTTP/3 connector port (#14195)
eclipse/jetty.project: documentation/jetty/modules/programming-guide/pages/server/http.adoc

[source]
----

> Alt-Svc: h3=":843"; ma=86400

Reviewer: This change should be removed as it does not reflect the default behavior.

TIP: The `Alt-Svc` header is automatically added to HTTP/2 responses by `HTTP2ServerConnectionFactory.AltSvcCustomizer`, advertising the HTTP/3 connector's port.
By default, only the port is advertised without additional attributes.
The `ma` (max-age) attribute can be configured via `AltSvcCustomizer.setMaxAge(Duration)` and the `persist` attribute via `AltSvcCustomizer.setPersist(boolean)`.

To configure the `AltSvcCustomizer`, retrieve it from the `HttpConfiguration` after creating the `HTTP2ServerConnectionFactory`:

[,java,indent=0,options=nowrap]
----
HttpConfiguration httpConfig = new HttpConfiguration();
HTTP2ServerConnectionFactory h2 = new HTTP2ServerConnectionFactory(httpConfig);

// Configure AltSvcCustomizer after connection factory creation
httpConfig.getCustomizers().stream()
    .filter(c -> c instanceof HTTP2ServerConnectionFactory.AltSvcCustomizer)
    .map(HTTP2ServerConnectionFactory.AltSvcCustomizer.class::cast)
    .findFirst()
    .ifPresent(customizer -> {
        customizer.setMaxAge(Duration.ofHours(24));
        customizer.setPersist(true);

>     });

Reviewer: This block of code should be moved to a new `h2altsvc()` method in `HTTPServerDocs` and referenced with a `include::code:example$` directive.

Have a look at the other places where we reference code to get an example of how we generally do it.

----

The presence of this header indicates that protocol `h3` is available on the same host (since no host is defined before the port), but on port `843` (although it may be the same port `443`).

> The `ma` (max-age) attribute specifies how long (in seconds) the client should cache this information (86400 seconds = 24 hours).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ma` (max-age) attribute specifies how long (in seconds) the client should cache this information.
```

The HTTP/3 client may now initiate a QUIC connection on port `843` and make HTTP/3 requests.

NOTE: It is nowadays common to use the same port `443` for both HTTP/2 and HTTP/3. This does not cause problems because HTTP/2 listens on the TCP port `443`, while QUIC listens on the UDP port `443`.

> TIP: The `Alt-Svc` header is automatically added to HTTP/2 responses by `HTTP2ServerConnectionFactory.AltSvcCustomizer`, advertising the HTTP/3 connector's port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `Alt-Svc` header is automatically added to HTTP/2 responses if an HTTP/3 connector is present, advertising the HTTP/3 connector's port.
```

NOTE: It is nowadays common to use the same port `443` for both HTTP/2 and HTTP/3. This does not cause problems because HTTP/2 listens on the TCP port `443`, while QUIC listens on the UDP port `443`.

> TIP: The `Alt-Svc` header is automatically added to HTTP/2 responses, advertising the HTTP/3 connector's port.

Reviewer 2: Change `TIP` to `NOTE`, as this happens automatically, it is not a tip to developers.

participant "server:843" as h3server

client -> h2server : HTTP/2 request

> h2server -> client : HTTP/2 response\nAlt-Svc: h3=":843"; ma=86400

Reviewer: This change should be removed as it does not reflect the default behavior.
